Update Databricks, Nifcloud, and Tencent Cloud Terraform rules and documentation (#100)
DataDog/datadog-iac-scanner: documentation/rules/terraform/databricks/databricks_permissions.md

---

> title: "Databricks cluster or job with none or insecure permission(s)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Databricks cluster or job with no or insecure permissions"
```

Reviewer: Minor update for accessibility (this formatting can be confusing for screen readers)

group_id: "Terraform / Databricks"
meta:
  name: "databricks/databricks_permissions"
  id: "a4edb7e1-c0e0-4f7f-9d7c-d1b603e81ad5"

>   display_name: "Databricks cluster or job with none or insecure permission(s)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  display_name: "Databricks cluster or job with no or insecure permissions"
```
